# 10/28/22 - Weekly Meeting

## Time and Location

- at 6:00 PM Wednesday Nov 9th, 2022

## Attendees

- Owen
- Rudy
- Regan
- Aleksa
- Tim
- Michael
- John
- Alex
- Xiaofan (remote)
- Jerry (remote)

## Meeting Details

- we worked
- finalized design decisions
  - local storage
- reviewing roles
  - UI: Aleksa, Jerry
  - CI/CD: Tim, Regan
  - Timeline: Alex, John, Michael, Xiaofan
- setting up workflow
- documentation practices

### Workflow
- GitHub practices
  - make branches from issues, push to branch
  - submit PRs to dev
  - team leaders will merge to main
  - test code will follow the same procedure
- setting up docs branch
  - allow pushes, no PRs needed

